Update docs and links. (#34)
pharmaverse/sdtm.oak: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contribution to {sdtm.oak} 

> This outlines how to propose a change to the aok package. For more detailed info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This outlines how to propose a change to the {sdtm.oak} package. For more detailed info
```
